Hi team,

I just wanted to gover what scrum is and how it can be used to help onboard out clients as quickly as possible for optimal result

I believe we can utilize scrum when creating a new engagement with a client as their being onboarded to use Tech Mahindra's APIs. It's an accountable and fast approach to getting our clients their test and production credentials, communicating the proper connection details, submitting appropriate tickets needed to pass through firewalls or gateways, and involving the required teams within a predetermined timeframe to successfully onboard new and existing clients. I believe scrum will allow our team to save more time as needed for other tasks which can allow the developers on our team to use their abilities to improve on the software used to create these engagements.



Sprint:
Within a sprint, we will create an engagement and submit a ticket to the Backend Configuration Team to open a test profile for the client. we will get the maximum anticipated projected volumes for each API and each month from the client and enter it into their engagement profile. we will create a toolkit from the toolkit factory which will consist of all passwords, WSDL files, and instructions for connecting to the APIs for our clients. we will submit an SSL certificate for access through the firewall to the test environment and allow abramial time for the developers to finish the required testing before a production launch.



Sprint Planning:
during our sprint planning, we can map out these instructions to the entire team which will eliminate any confusion which usually leads to chain emails back and forth. I believe we can use this time to draw out our plans for the month and get ahead of schedule to save any wasted time from any confusion from lack of planning. This time will allow our developers to prepare for the anticipated traffic and discuss the required information to access APIs.



Daily Scrum:
our 15-minute daily scrum will give our team time to discuss the required details and for each member to perform their tasks to move the engagement forward. This is important because it'll force our clients into allowing them to test a lot faster than before.

The Daily Scrum is a 15-minute event for the Developers of the Scrum Team. To reduce complexity, it is held at the same time and place every working day of the Sprint. If the Product Owner or Scrum Master are actively working on items in the Sprint Backlog, they participate as Developers.



Sprint Review:
Our sprint review can go over the results of the engagement and how things could be modified for future client onboarding.

During the event, the Scrum Team and stakeholders review what was accomplished in the Sprint and what has changed in their environment. Based on this information, attendees collaborate on what to do next. The Product Backlog may also be adjusted to meet new opportunities. The Sprint Review is a working session and the Scrum Team should avoid limiting it to a presentation.

The result of the Sprint Review is a revised Product Backlog that defines the probable Product Backlog items for the next Sprint. The Product Backlog may also be adjusted overall to meet new opportunities.



Sprint Retrospective:
during the sprint retrospective

The Scrum Team inspects how the last Sprint went with regard to individuals, interactions, processes, tools, and their Definition of Done. Inspected elements often vary with the domain of work. Assumptions that led them astray are identified and their origins explored. The Scrum Team discusses what went well during the Sprint, what problems it encountered, and how those problems were (or were not) solved.

By the end of the Sprint Retrospective, the Scrum Team should have identified improvements that it will implement in the next Sprint. Implementing these improvements in the next Sprint is the adaptation to the inspection of the Scrum Team itself. Although improvements may be implemented at any time, the Sprint Retrospective provides a formal opportunity to focus on inspection and adaptation.



Here I wanted to show you a quick Diagram from scrum.org correlating with the process through which our team will move the engagement with the client into done and ready for the next. you see here's the sprint backlog created by our client and the team, here are the scrum members of the team along with our daily scrums taking place within the team, here is where we increment the sprint, we can cycle back the product backlog to go over and modify changes, or when can go straight into the sprint retrospective.

Thank you very much for your time team, I look forward to hearing your feedback about my current proposal for implementing the scrum principles